.
I am so fucking angry.
Stop, stop, stop!
I'm sorry for last night.
I just want to continue as we
were.
Sam has admitted he's in the
wrong.
Shame, shame, shame!
I am not a bad person!
Mornin', you bunch of piss
heads!
Marnie's back!
I want a cuddle. Me boyfriend's
not here. Does that really
matter?
That what I thought
Abbie told us this afternoon.
What the fuck?
Has Steph actually just pushed
us?
I don't care.
I'm not going to kick off
cos I 100 percent trust Sam now,
and no-one is going
to get in the way.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
I'm a lad who's got more cheek
than a girl with fillers.
I'm tanned, toned
and ready to tash on.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm cheeky, colourful
and full of mischief.
I can talk the back legs
off a donkey.
I might be entirely bonkers,
but all the best people are.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
(Abbie) Mornin'.
Mornin'.
(groans)
Hungover?
I've woke up and there's only
me,
Abbie and Marnie in the room.
Steph must have really fell out
with Abbie.
What happened with Steph?
Chloe came over to me
and she was like,
"Steph's told me that you said
that you don't trust Sam."
I said, "Where's that come
from?"
I've never said that at all.
Me and Chloe have been through a
lot
and put all the drama behind us,
but then Steph has to go meddle
and shit stir everything up.
Steph pushed us.
Really? She got that angry?
Yeah.
Whatever went on with Abbie
and Steph,
it's our last day in the house,
so they need to sort it out.
Right, you need to talk to
Steph.
Was there a kick-off last night?
Well, there was
a lot of gin involved,
but I just know she was kicking
off
and I could feel her...
She was getting me a bit angry.
I mean, I am a bit pissed off.
Did she say,
"I hope Sam doesn't hurt her"
or "I think Sam's gonna hurt
her",
cos then that's what
could be getting mixed up, yeah?
I'll have to speak to her
today about it.
Sort it out properly
while we're sober.
Things got heated in the club
last night
and it doesn't show
any signs of stopping,
so breakfast is gonna be
fucking awkward.
(Chloe) Morning.
It's so amazing, waking up to
Sam
every single morning.
He's like the woof to my dog,
the cup
to my tea, the lip to my gloss.
I just don't want this time to
end.
I had such a good night
in Middlesbrough.
I told you, it's fucking mint.
Do you remember what you said to
me?
No.
You kept on
calling me your boyfriend.
(laughs) Goodnight. Bye.
It's morning.
I know that me and you
are not boyfriend and
girlfriend.
Sam has noticed that
I kept calling him my boyfriend.
I wish he forgot.
I'm so embarrassed.
That thing got said to us by
Steph.
Brings back stuff up, doesn't
it?
I don't wanna keep going in
circles.
I understand that.
That's why I sort of lost me
head.
I think Chloe finally trusts me.
I
never thought I'd get to this
point.
You could have went mad
and you haven't.
I know, cos I'm tryin' to
impress.
Impress who?
Hmm, I wonder who it is.
Tall, skinny, brown hair, blue
eyes.
Why do you keep saying "skinny"?
Every morning we wake up,
you say "skinny". It's
"athletic".
I'm so hungover, you know.
Think this is the worst...
Yous do not handle hangovers
very well.
Good morning!
There's the happy couple.
I don't even believe this,
but I'm sick of shagging. Why?
Me fanny's hurting.
Good morning, girls!
This is the first time
Steph and Abbie have seen each
other
since the kick off last night.
Round two.
This is awkward.
Extremely.
Everyone is feeling awkward
about last night
and I'm feeling really shit.
I think yous girls need to talk.
Go on, fucking have it out.
What did I apparently say?
That Abbie said that Sam's a
player.
As soon as Steph came in,
I made sure
she never felt left out,
and this is how she repays us.
What I've said
when I've had a drink,
maybe that's what
I thought you meant.
Sometimes it's really hard
to read Abbie.
I don't know how she's thinking,
so if I did get it wrong
it would have been a honest
mistake.
I was made out to say something
that was totally wrong,
and then I got pushed,
in my hometown.
I'm getting pushed by someone
who's
meant to be one of me good
mates.
It is coming to the end and I
don't
want to leave things on bad
terms.
Steph is gonna have
to apologise first.
I'm holding me hands.
I'm in the wrong. I'm really
sorry.
I really regret fighting with
Abbie.
I just want it all sorted and
for me
and Abbie to be friends again.
But you know, like, you're me
girl.
I love you to bits.
Fair play to Steph for
apologising,
but truthfully, Steph,
you shouldn't have got involved.
I have to go to the gym.
I'm hanging.
Is that a joke? No.
Can I go with you?
Me and Sam need to get to
the gym and sweat this hangover
out.
If I do accidentally drop you
or knock you out, I don't mean
it.
You couldn't even knock out
a good wank.
I'm feeling so much better about
me and Steph being friends
again,
and we're back
to being house sisters.
I know we're back to being
friends,
but farting on us, Abbie,
really?
Was it bad?
Yeah, it is.
I'm gonna sit over here.
Mate, I'm fucking sweating.
It's fucking hell.
It feels good to be back in the
gym
and hitting the bag,
but I do feel a little bit
rusty.
This booze is taking its toll.
Tiring, isn't it?
Tiring, mate. Fucking hell.
How did you feel
when Chloe dropped the
"boyfriend"?
She's done it a few times now,
and
she keeps telling me she's
joking.
She's hinting, isn't she?
Yeah. I think she's joking,
but I want to make sure
it's at the right time.
Sam and Chloe
are really good together.
I've never seen Chloe this
happy,
but it is coming to the end
and I would love them
to leave in a relationship.
The advice I would give you is,
last
time me and Marnie were in the
house,
we were probably closer than we
were
when we were in a relationship.
We didn't ask that question
and we've come back in
relationships.
So had I asked the question, who
knows what would have happened
now?
Aaron could have made Marnie
his girlfriend and he didn't,
and look where they are now.
I don't know whether
I want to make the same mistake
cos Aaron regrets it.
I just need to make sure that
the timing and everything is
right.
Let's have a few more rounds,
then.
Yeah.
(phone rings)
(Sam) The phone rings
and we all know who it is.
Anna better not have work for us
today, with it being the last
day.
Hello.
"Hiya, Sam. How are you?"
Hiya. I'm good, thanks. Are you?
"Yeah.
I've got another job for you."
What did they say?
So, we've got work.
Me, Abbie, Steph, Sophie.
We're going to Sunderland
to promote food.
I don't know what type of food.
I suggest yous go and get ready.
Anna, you are a diamond.
I am absolutely buzzing
that I'm not working today.
We need to go and watch.
Let's go get ready.
Ha-ha, yous have got to go to
work!
I can't believe
that Anna has separated us all
today.
I thought the last day,
we'd all be together.
Why is it always me working?
Either I'm doing a good job
or Anna doesn't like me.
A very good job, Sam.
Oh.
Right, Sam, get yourself to
work,
lad,
whilst we go for a lovely
little drink. Go on, fuck off.
This is an absolute piss-take.
Why are these coming along with
us
to work
when they are going
to the fucking pub?
Our job today is to give out
leaflets
and tell the public
about pease pudding.
Pease pudding is a north east
delicacy. It can't be that hard.
You're the new girl.
Why the fuck do I have to wear
this?
Hello there.
Hi.
Would you try pease pudding?
Do you know much about pease
pudding?
Well, I know it's made from
peas.
Shall we go to the pub?
Yeah.
We've come to the beach
and it's fucking freezing.
I think we deserve
a nice refreshing little drink.
We'll get the drinks.
That one. Right, OK.
Marnie is the only girl in this
house
who was in a similar situation
to me and Sam,
so it's good to get advice from
her.
I feel like yous will be happy.
I think yous are so strong.
Do you think?
Like, I just...
I just really like him.
I never been in this position
where I've been in the house
and liked someone this much.
Are you in love?
I don't know.
What if you never seen him
again?
Awful.
That might mean that you're in
love.
Do you think he's gonna take it
to the next level?
It would be nice, but I don't
want
him to ask cos we've got a day
left.
I'd rather it be real,
you know what I mean?
I don't want Sam to be scared by
thinking that I want it really
bad.
I want him to ask me in his own
time.
It'd be lovely.
Follow your heart, that's my
advice.
Follow your heart.
Yeah.
How are yous?
Would you like some pease
pudding?
I'd love some.
Ah, there we go.
Do you know much about it?
We should have a lot of
knowledge
about pease pudding,
but everybody else
has a lot more knowledge than
us.
Do you want me to feed ya?
I think I'll feed meself.
How do you feel about that one?
Is it a good one?
Would you recommend?
Yeah, it's fine.
Work has gone really well.
People have tried the pease
pudding,
told us a lot about pease
pudding
and Steph is dressed
like pease pudding.
I'm feeling the blue and yellow.
It's fucking hideous.
Excuse me! Here's the riffraff!
Here's the riffraff.
Chloe's just come back.
I've been thinking about
what Aaron said all day,
and if I don't ask her now
I might never get the chance
again.
Chloe, wanna go for a chat?
Oh, he's missed her.
Aw!
Shit. Sam has asked to speak to
us.
Is he going to ask us
to be his girlfriend?
I wanna take you out
to this restaurant
cos I want to ask you something.
Whether I ask Chloe
to be my girlfriend or not,
I want our last night
in the house to be perfect,
so I want to take her on a date.
Promise ya it's really nice.
Not in the air. In the water.
The chicken shop!
No, it's really nice and
romantic.
Sam, this date better be
everything
you say it's going to be,
because if I'm going to wear
my best frock,
I do not want to be
left disappointed.
Howay, then. Howay.
Hiya.
Hello, everybody.
Chloe and Sam walk back giggling
and acting really weird.
What on earth has Sam said to
her?
So, Sam is going to take me out
somewhere tonight.
He's got something to ask us.
Ooh!
Well done, Sam. You know
you're doing the right thing.
If you never ask, you'll never
know.
Us girls need to help Chloe
look incredible.
(girls) Yeah! Howay!
Roll on date night.
Last night, bitches!
We are going to go out with a
bang.
To the family!
I've got a question to ask.
My God, what is it?
For the first time in her life,
Chloe Ferry is speechless.
Oh, my God.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
There's no time to waste.
I need to get ready for tonight
cos I wanna look absolutely
stunning
for Sam.
Chloe, it's your big date.
Argh!
I'm going on a date.
This?
No. Definitely not wearing that.
There we go, my love.
So, Sophie, hair straight.
Cut a little bit off the length.
What do you think he's gonna
ask?
Not to be his girlfriend.
How do you feel?
Yeah, but yeah, I'd say yes.
There you go.
Chloe's getting her hopes built
up
and I just hope to God
that Sam asks her out now,
otherwise our last night
is gonna be pure murders.
Chloe, some Dutch courage.
I am crossing me fingers,
me toes and me legs
that tonight Sam finally asks us
to be his girlfriend.
I have never felt like this
about anyone. Not even Marty.
(girls) Down it, down it!
No, I'll sip it.
Chloe, are you ready?
Where is the queen?
Wait there!
I'm trying to shut me bag!
I'm really, really excited
for tonight,
but I'm just so scared
in case things do not go right.
Yay!
Pick your jaw up.
You look nice, Sam.
You look unbelievable.
Fucking hell,
Chloe looks unbelievable.
I'm feeling
a little bit nervous now.
(girls) Ah!
See you later.
Bye. Good luck!
I'm so happy for Chloe and Sam.
Looking back,
me and him were never suited.
The right girl has definitely
won
and they are perfect together.
I feel like we need
to get ready now.
Let's get ready, bitches!
Last night, bitches!
(laughs)
I'm anxious because I genuinely
do
have strong feelings for Chloe
and I just want this date
to go perfect.
Oh, my God, we've arrived,
and thank God,
it's not a chicken fucking shop.
It's a nice, sophisticated,
posh, ladylike restaurant.
To our last night
in the house together.
Last night. Cheers.
Cheers.
Chloe's different to other girls
because she actually gets me.
I'm not all there and neither's
she.
Have you seen what I'm wearing?
Yeah.
Do you recognise it?
I do.
I think you wore it
on the chicken date.
No. Think again. Remember the
first
day I walked into the house?
Oh, yeah!
I worn that.
Oh, my God, you did.
I thought I'd wear it again.
We started there on our first
day
in the house together
and now it's our last day in
the house and look how close we
are.
Oh, my God, Sam. That's so nice.
This is the cheesiest thing that
anyone has ever, ever done for
us.
I fucking love it.
I think now I couldn't be
in this house without you.
You're being dead cute tonight.
You paid for me food.
(laughs)
No lad has ever been this nice
with us before. It's so
romantic.
If anyone asks, "What's her best
trait?" Your personality.
Anyone can be good looking,
but you need something else.
I've never came across anybody
who makes us laugh the way you
do.
This is the first time I've
spoken about my feelings to
Chloe
because I've never felt for a
girl
the way I feel for her.
You're really cute.
I thought there
was a cat under the table.
What?
You've got fluff on your feet.
I thought it was a cat.
The date is going well,
and the time has come to ask
Chloe
the all-important question.
So, I've got a question to ask.
Oh, my God, what is it?
Do you want dessert?
Oh, is that it?
Of course I want fucking
dessert.
I'm still starving.
Chloe and Sam are out on their
date
and we're getting ready
for the final night out.
It's gonna be a big one.
I reckon tonight, last night,
the house is tidy.
Fuck the place up.
Let Anna deal with it.
I want to have the biggest
food fight we've ever had.
You go get the ammo
whilst I get ready.
I've got this.
To be one step ahead, I'm gonna
make
sure I've got all the supplies
so there is no way we can lose.
Oh, yes.
Did you see how nervous Chloe
was?
I think he's gonna ask her out.
I think it's a nice thing to do.
If Sam does officially ask Chloe
to become his girlfriend,
it will make her
the happiest girl ever.
He better not let her down,
or else he'll have me to deal
with.
Think they'll be the new Marron?
Never.
Never. No-one will ever beat
Marron.
Ladies!
Yous look lovely.
So do you.
I like the theme.
What is the theme?
Girl band PVC realness.
Right, howay, then. Give us a
drink.
To Chloe and Sam
and to our last night in the
house.
(all) Till next time!
Cheers to the final night.
Now let's get out of here, get
to the club and get fucking
mortal.
(all cheer)
We get to Bijoux. There's no
better
place to spend the last night.
This is where the family
always kick off, in a good way.
We're dolled up. We're raring to
go,
cos we are gonna go out with a
bang.
To the family!
Sophie, Chloe is never gonna say
no.
There's more chance of me
turning
straight than her saying no.
It's never gonna happen.
So, I brought you here
to ask you something.
So, when I talked to Aaron,
he explained that when him
and Marnie were in the house,
they were in a similar position.
And he said
he didn't actually ask her
anything.
When he left the house,
them two went separate ways.
And, like, I don't want that
to happen to me and you, so,
like...
What do you mean?
Yes?
I don't want us to leave the
house
and go separate ways.
Right.
So... I got you a little
dessert.
(waiter) There we are.
Two spoons for you guys.
Thank you.
(laughs)
For the first time in her life,
Chloe Ferry is speechless.
Oh, my God. "Will you be my
lass?"
Is this really happening? Sam
has
just asked me to be his
girlfriend.
With everything we've been
through,
he's actually done it!
Yes.
(both laugh)
Of course I will.
Oh, my God, that's so nice.
Is that all right?
Chloe's the most beautiful,
funny,
slightly crazy girl
that I've ever met in my life,
and now she's my girlfriend.
I'm still in shock.
I think I've got make-up all
over.
Me too.
I can't believe that.
I have got a boyfriend, and Sam
could not have done it better.
I'm literally over the moon.
I do think I love you.
Do ya?
I think so.
After that, after that I think I
do.
Aaron, do you love Marnie?
Yes.
Surprise, motherfuckers!
Marnie is never bothered
about being sick,
so why this time go to the
toilet?
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
Chloe and Sam still aren't here
yet.
I hope that it's going well.
I cannot wait to tell everyone
that me and Sam are finally a
couple.
Oh, my God, it's about fucking
time!
I'm finally gonna be a
bridesmaid!
Finding out that
Chloe now has a boyfriend
is going to make our last night
even better.
I'm so happy for them.
I can't believe Sam and Chloe
are boyfriend and girlfriend.
This is amazing.
Let's get the shots in to
celebrate.
This could not have come
at a better time.
I'm with me family and I'm
getting
pissed. This is the life.
Aaron has played a big part
in helping me make my decision.
I feel like I've made the best
decision. I could not be
happier.
I've never seen Chloe this happy
and I'm absolutely buzzing for
her.
Chloe is the happiest
she's ever been.
She's overcome with emotion.
She can't even hold in
the tears of happiness.
Nathan is taking this way too
far.
I'm going for a dance.
Tonight has been fucking
amazing.
Everyone is in such good moods.
I just can't believe
it's our last night together.
So much has gone on.
Me and Sam came in the house
the same time,
but our experiences couldn't
have been any more different.
I may not have found love, but
I've defo found friends for
life.
I'm so glad we're all back
together,
as a family,
having fun on the last night.
Sam, I want to see
how committed you are.
This is some initiation. Three
of the worst shots in one glass.
I told the lads when I came in
this
house that I was the biggest
drinker
and I think that has just proven
it.
How the fuck Sam has just necked
that drink I will never know.
I would have spewed
at the smell of it.
Easy, easy.
This is how
all last nights should be.
Everybody enjoying each other's
company, nobody on the pull
and just having a good fucking
time.
This cork must be superglued
into the fucking bottle.
Not one of wor can pop it.
It's actually embarrassing.
If you're gonna spray someone,
firstly you've got to open
the bottle.
Tonight, there is love in the
air,
and by the looks of it, everyone
is
feeling it, even Marnie and
Aaron.
People can say what they want,
but no-one will ever beat
Marron.
No-one in this world
will understand the friendship
and bond between Aaron and
Marnie,
and I myself are still
struggling
to figure it out.
Tonight has been mint
and I can't wait to get back
to the house and carry on the
party.
(Sophie) Are you two happy for
Chloe?
Aaron, I know you like Marnie,
right, but do you...
I, I, I love Marnie
and she's beautiful.
What, haway!
But do you love Marnie?
Yes.
Stop the fucking bus.
Wait, has Aaron just openly
admitted
that he loves Marnie?
What the hell?
Fuck, Aaron, Aaron,
one more question.
Do you think there's a future
with you and Marns?
Sophie, that's a silly question.
You know I love Marnie
but I'm not in love with Marnie.
All I'm gonna say
is no-one will ever beat Marron.
No matter what relationship
status
Marnie and Aaron are in,
Aaron will have
a soft spot for Marnie.
Will Chloe and Sam beat Marron?
They'd be Scam.
Scammers, they'd be Scam!
They will never beat Marron!
Ever!
Fuck Scam! Fuck Scam!
Chicken!
Party poppers!
It's been the best night I've
ever
had in here, in my life.
Honestly.
Hey!
Speech!
You are honestly the most
beautiful
person that I actually know,
and your personality is so
beautiful
and I love ya.
(Abbie) Aw!
You know, I didn't realise it,
but I think I love you too.
Oh, my God.
I can't believe I've just said
that.
I've either had one too many
or I mean it.
Can this night
get actually any better?
I think everyone
should raise a piece of food
to Sam and fucking Chloe.
Sloe!
Clam, Clam.
Sam, there's no way
you're calling us Sloe.
It's Clam, for fuck's sake.
It wouldn't be the final night
without any kind
of motherfucking surprise.
The last night
wouldn't be a good last night
without a big, messy, wet
surprise.
Surprise, motherfuckers!
Who wants beans on toast?
Oh, my God!
I am not having a food fight.
I've just washed me fucking
hair,
man!
(shouting)
(Sam) This house has gone
absolutely mental.
Nobody can keep their feet
and there's fucking food
flying about everywhere.
Oh, my God! I can't see!
Aaron! Aaron! Marnie!
Aaron, you're meant
to be on my team,
you double-crossing bitch!
Who wants some kebab?
Without a doubt,
this is the biggest food fight
we have ever had in this house.
Thank God it's the final night,
cos I do not fancy
having to clean this up.
(shouting)
These lot might be disgusting,
but they're my family.
Come to think about it,
they're more like me pets.
Tonight, I thought I'd be making
sweet love to my new boyfriend,
but instead of slipping into me,
he's slipping on the fucking
floor.
Everyone's rolling around in
cream,
but Aaron and Marnie seem like
they're taking it to the next
level.
I can't see!
This has gone from being a food
fight to a homoerotic fantasy.
Stop!
(shouting)
I've managed to stay
quite clean so far.
What's going on?
I'm normally a scruff bag.
If you can't beat them, join
them.
Hot tub!
No last night would be complete
without hot tub.
The best food fight of all time
is now finished,
so we need to go in the hot tub
and rinse off.
(whooping)
(shouting)
To top it off,
Nathan is spewing over the hot
tub.
This has got to be
the messiest night ever.
(retches)
I have never ever been
in a family so fucked up...
Fucked up, man!
...as yous radge cunts!
This family is the most
fucked-up
family I've came across in my
life,
and I fucking love it.
Yeah, bye, Nathan.
Food fight, done. Hot tub, done.
Shower, complete.
Now it's time for bed,
because tomorrow we're leaving.
(shouting)
Come here, girlfriend.
You're all mine tonight.
I'm trying to get to bed and
Aaron and Marnie keep
whispering.
Third wheel, anyone?
Obviously, Marnie,
I do care a lot about you,
so if you're being sick,
I'm gonna be there for you.
Marnie is never bothered about
being sick in public or in a
bin,
so why this time go to the
toilet?
Fucking hell. I bet her throat's
sore from being sick that long.
(giggling)
Morning, boyfriend.
Morning, girlfriend.
Woohoo!
Marns, when you were being sick,
why
did Aaron come and hold your
hair?
Nathan, stop being
such a shit-stirrer.
I was sick and Aaron was helpin'
us.
Nothing happened.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
Morning, boyfriend.
Morning, girlfriend.
Last night was the best night
I've ever had in this house.
I have got a boyfriend now.
Woohoo!
It was one of the best nights
ever.
It was literally unbelievable.
From minute one when we, like,
left the door to go on our date,
to getting back to the club,
to getting back to the house.
I daren't even go in the house
to see what it looks like.
last night in the house
was absolutely unbelievable.
Well, the bits that I can
remember.
I was fucking mortal.
I am happy, you know.
I know, I can tell.
You haven't stopped smiling.
I know. Me jaw's fucking
knackered.
I'm gonna have
to go and see a jawcologist.
Honestly, no, I am very happy.
I'm excited to see
what happens on the outside.
Honestly, I can't wait.
Without all these freaks around.
Giving out their advice.
These freaks that we call
family.
I'm gonna be gutted to leave,
but I know one person
who I will be spending time with
on the outside.
Sam has been so mushy. I feel
like
he's really enjoyed his time
here.
He's got a new family
and he's got a new girlfriend.
Morning.
(both) Morning.
How are yous?
What the fuck happened
downstairs?
It was so bad, Sophie.
Last night was the worst one.
The food fight last night
sounded like it was a lot of fun
but the smell of all this
is making me want to vomit.
Oh, so is Marnie in the lads'
room,
then?
None of us girls
know where Marnie is,
but I've got a pretty good guess
of where she will be.
In the boys' room with Aaron.
Last night
those two were inseparable.
Glad that they've been
really good friends now.
I think that was the balance
that they needed.
Yous, it's the last day.
It's the last day,
but last night was literally
the biggest and the best food
fight
we have ever had.
Everyone got hit.
I'm so happy for Chloe and Sam.
I think they're gonna
break the curse
of Geordie Shore relationships.
Do ya?
Yeah.
I do think
yous have been extremely close.
Basically, we haven't
done anything wrong.
Everything with me
and Aaron has been very
innocent.
People get the wrong impression
about me and Aaron,
but honestly, me and Aaron
are better as friends.
We've never, ever, ever got on
as good as we do now.
We had boundaries and I think
we stuck to them very well.
You've tested boundaries.
Right,
I'm going to make a cup of tea.
Will you make us one?
Do you know what? Yes.
Good luck in that fucking
kitchen,
mate. Oh, fuck.
Morning, shaggers.
Hello, yous.
Good morning. How the fuck
are you meant to get round here?
I'm surprised
there's food left to cook.
I thought we threw it all.
Right, last night when we went
to bed, something weird
happened.
What?
Aaron and Marnie went to the
toilet.
When they came out,
they were really giggly.
I don't know what happened in
there.
I hope they haven't
done anything silly,
especially not on the last
night.
It is weird, but they are very
close
and there's alcohol involved,
but nothing would ever happen
between them.
They wouldn't have hooked up.
They were drunk, though.
If it did,
they've just fucked everything.
I suppose they'll have each
other.
I'm not gonna fucking ask.
Everyone can speculate
all they want,
cos we do love gossip, but I
want
to find out what happened.
Everyone, breakfast!
Breakfast is ready!
Howay.
Shit.
Yous, I need... I need
protection.
Last night was one of
the best nights I've ever had.
It was unbelievable.
I think that was
the best time around.
That is the nicest end
to this whole time.
Marns, remember in the middle of
the night when you were being
sick?
Why did Aaron
come and hold your hair?
Is Nathan seriously asking this
in front of everyone?
Talk about awkward.
She went, "I'm gonna be sick
on the floor."
I was like, "No, don't. Get up."
"I'll take you to the toilet
to be sick." Yeah.
Listen, Nathan,
why are you bringing this up?
Nothing happened
between me and Marnie.
We're both in relationships,
so can you please fucking drop
it?
That was a weird question to
ask.
Just being nosy.
No, I think if anyone's being
sick
you want to help them.
Nathan,
stop being such a shit-stirrer.
I was sick and Aaron was helping
us.
Nothing happened.
Right, I'm not being funny,
but why the fuck am I cleaning
up?
Get me out of this shithole.
I'm gonna get ready.
I've had the best time of me
life,
you know.
Four seasons in Ibiza and
nothing tops how mad this place
is.
Fucking hell,
that's saying something, then.
This house is
the biggest nuthouse ever
and these people are the biggest
radgies, but I love them.
God, you're hanging, aren't ya?
I fucking got a hanger head.
I feel like I know you too well,
but I cannot wait to come back.
This is the best experience
of my life.
It couldn't have went any
better.
She's gonna have to send us
somewhere nice
because this is unliveable.
Get out.
(shouting)
Oh, my God.
You couldn't get out quick
enough,
Steph.
I think Sam has fitted right in
with the boys' room.
Yous both come in...
Been yourselves.
...been yourselves, not put an
act
on and fitted in perfectly.
(all) Aw!
No problem.
I feel like you fit in so well,
Steph.
I feel like all we've done is
laugh.
I know.
Hi, girls. Hi.
Party time!
Bring it on.
This is Sam.
Yay!
Abbie and Chloe's fannies
are pulsing.
Hi.
She looks like Marnie with a
perm.
Gaz won't be coming back.
To Gary fucking Beadle.
Shot!
Two single girls, one single
boy.
It's a recipe for disaster.
Shit's about to go down.
She knows I have been in his bed
and he's even fingered us.
This has turned to absolute
carnage.
I am the plant woman!
That curling tong is special to
us,
so what is it doing up Nathan's
arse?
(shrieks)
I've just lost the fucking plot.
Aaron, you won't be travelling.
If Aaron's not going, I'm not.
Tenerife!
Everyone is shit-faced.
I cannot take my eyes
off Chloe's arse.
(shouts)
Go on, have a good chew, love.
I am so fucking angry!
Fucking laughing!
Fuck off.
Fuck, I nearly killed Joel!
Hallelujah. I had sex!
I might be able to get him
to check out me vajayjay.
(vomiting)
Oh, my God.
They're all over each other.
It's
only right that I check on
Marnie.
I'm sick of it.
I don't want to!
(cheers, screams)
You like chicken, don't ya?
Chicken fucking Cottage?
"Will you be my lass?" Yes.
I have got a boyfriend!
I'm finally gonna be a
bridesmaid!
Chloe and Sam!
I love being part
of this mental family.
I think someone should fuck off.
I'm gonna go.
There's been tears,
there's been tantrums.
This is one fucked-up family,
but I love
every single one of them.
Bye, watch what you're doing.
See you later.
Me and Aaron have gotten through
this whole time
and not had one argument.
That's never happened before.
It's an achievement.
(all) Bye.
I'm going to get off next.
It wouldn't be a goodbye unless
the food was all over the walls,
all over the floor
and kebab meat on the sofa.
Exactly how I like it.
See ya!
(all) Bye!
It's been a pleasure, you know.
Come on, get your stuff.
I can't believe the people that
I've met, I can now call them
family.
It's been amazing.
Nathan, I've got a little
surprise.
What?
Me nana's picking us up.
Hello!
(all) Hi.
After the house party,
I think Nana has left
a lasting impression on the
family.
You were funny at the house
party.
Shh, I don't want to hear about
it.
(laughter)
This time it was hard for me.
I nearly lost my friendship
with Chloe over Sam,
but they are great together.
I'm so sad to be leaving
the Geordie Shore house,
but it makes me more excited
to come back next time.
We've had our ups and downs.
You chinned us, but listen.
I'm leaving Chloe and Sam
in Aaron's capable hands,
and I've never been more happy
for that girl than I am right
now
and I can't wait
to find out what happens next.
Bye, guys! Love yous!
See you later.
Fuck off!
This is a bit weird
cos last time in the house
it was me and Marnie leaving
almost as a couple,
but I'm honestly so happy for
you,
Chloe.
Thank you. Sam, mate,
you couldn't be a better lad.
This is possibly the best job
I've had.
The family is mental, but
I wouldn't change it for the
world.
I am buzzing, you know, Sam,
like, I am.
This is the happiest
I've been in the house.
I'm just happy that I can make
you
that happy, do you know what I
mean?
Sorry.
I cannot wait to get out
and start dating Chloe
away from everybody else.
Who knows what's gonna happen?
I guess I get in the front.
(both laugh)
I'm leaving this house,
nearly in love, with a
boyfriend,
and I cannot wait to do it all
again.
.